do you no no no no yeah I want a man who
knows what he wants
ah I know what I want my music
everything else is secondary
what you and I do is not make what would
you call it that it's definitely not
making love you ever heard of the mole
better oh no better makes it more better
what about Dale this I like her too I
like women
you tell us a million one shot they wear
the same dress in the same day and see
each other like it enough you're a dog
you're good doggy but your dog
nonetheless get off what did you call me
like how in the hell can you call me by
her name where they got all kind of
people love to laugh look at that little
ugly guy depart Oh try to stick it here
in the colored section I'll see you
he's a horrible manager everybody can
see that but you the [ __ ] segolia you
know my name is giant every night we go
with it look giant is my friend giant
that's a joke isn't a joke the joke we
couldn't manage a little leap a minor
league keep coming up short fella
no no no no it's because she's white is
she white cuz she's white
yes yes she's a nun won't give me none
he had none holy she didn't she didn't
cars are playing too many doubleheader
give me the piracy both games message
needs more black ball plays when you
gallon again how much you owe
don't break let's give him a break
but I get slack in his arm
my staff you know they'll nobody miss
people are less voice to my voice you
put them lips on each other
Academy Award winner Denzel Washington
in a new film from Spike Lee we thank
you for coming because you didn't have
to come we could have stayed home and
watched Arsenio Hall's mo better blues
you